Okay, good. A car's in the driveway. It looks like she's home.
What did you plan to talk about with her?
Well, I placed the watch tower about the ransom, so I had in mind reading John 316,
and then considering a paragraph from the magazine that encourages Bible study.
Maybe I can start a study with her today.
Sounds good.
Okay, let's go.
Hi Mrs. Wilson. It's so nice to see you again.
In case you forgot, my name is Andrea.
This is my friend Cindy.
How are you?
Yes, I remember you.
I'm doing very well, thank you.
When I was here Saturday, I left you a magazine.
I promised to come back today to answer the question,
what is God's greatest gift to us?
And how can we show appreciation for it?
I completely forgot that you were coming today.
But I have a few minutes to talk with you.
Okay, great.
At John 316, Jesus told us what God's greatest gift is.
Cindy, would you read that?
Sure.
For God loved the world so much that He gave His only begotten Son
so that everyone exercising faith in Him might not be destroyed
but have everlasting life.
Oh yes, I've read that before.
Oh good.
So what is the gift that is referred to here?
God's Son.
Be very good.
And God gave us His Son for what reason?
So that we can have everlasting life in heaven.
You and I can have everlasting life.
Wouldn't you say that this makes the ransom the best gift of all?
Sure.
Notice what this paragraph on page 7 says about how to show appreciation.
Cindy, would you mind reading that also?
How can you show that you appreciate the greatest gift of all?
Recall that Jesus' words at John 316 point out that only those exercising faith in Him will be saved.
Faith, according to the Bible, is the assured expectation of what His hope for.
To have that assurance, accurate knowledge is essential.
For this reason, we urge you to take time to learn about Jehovah God,
the giver of this perfect present, and to find out what you must do to enjoy the everlasting life
that Jesus' ransom sacrifice has made possible for you.
So how can we show our appreciation?
By learning more about God.
Yes.
I wanted to show you an excellent tool for that.
This brochure is designed for short Bible discussions on 14 various topics.
Have you ever wondered about any of these?
Yes, this one.
Why does God allow evil and suffering?
Many wonder about that.
If you have five more minutes, we can turn to that lesson,
and I can show you how a discussion goes.
Actually, my husband and I go to church every week, so that is not necessary.
But I enjoyed reading the magazine you gave me.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Which church are you going to?
The big one on the corner, just down the street.
Oh, yes. I know where that is.
Have you been going there for a long time?
We started going back to church after we lost everything in the big flood a couple of years ago.
I'm sorry to hear about your loss.
Our homes were damaged in the flood too.
It's a real challenge to rebuild, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
I really enjoyed our conversation, Mrs. Wilson.
Be back and stop by from time to time to see how you and your family are doing.
Since you're interested in why God allows evil, maybe next time I can show you what the Bible says about how evil began.
Sure, that would be fine.
The best time to catch me at home.
I was hoping that you could start a study.
Yeah, me too.
But she enjoyed the watchtower, so I'm going to keep calling on her.
Maybe later she'll be interested in studying.
The question I left her for next time is actually the first one answered in the lesson she chose from the brochure.
I can discuss a scripture too without telling her it's from the brochure.
Do you have a call in this area?
And two, if you turn it the next corner.